.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, before:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve ExRam.Gremlinq
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**Expected behavior**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

**Version information**
Tell us which version of ExRam.Gremlinq you are using.

**Minimal working example**
In descending order of awesomeness, please provide at least one of the following:

* A GitHub repository containing a maximally stripped down (i.e. minimal in regard to
lines of code) executable project that successfully compiles but still exposes the unexpected behaviour.

* A pull request to ExRam.Gremlinq that adds a failing unit test to the ExRam.Gremlinq tests asserting
the expected behaviour. Again, this should be as small as possible to reduce any noise.

In any case: Make it really, really as small as can be. Don't post tons of business POCOs or DTOs that
are not really relevant for exposing the unexpected behaviour. Also, don't post any passwords.

If I can't easily grab your repro code and run it quickly, I may just not bother and nobody else might. 

**Additional context**
Add any other context about the problem here.

Commit message:

Clarified the bug report template again to ask for a minimal compilable repro code because people simply don't give a **** and just don't bother posting even the simplest repro they seem to think I'm on their payroll and I should take the time instead that they wouldn't take it really annoys me I have never used a swear word in this repo before and this might even be the longest commit message in this repo.

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, after:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve ExRam.Gremlinq
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**Expected behavior**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

**Version information**
Tell us which version of ExRam.Gremlinq you are using.

**Minimal working example**
You **MUST** provide one of the following

- a link to GitHub repository containing a minimal executable project
structure that exposes the unexpected behaviour. By 'minimal' we mean that you should omit any code
that is not directly necessary to show the unexpected behaviour. **Make sure you remove any sensible
data (e.g. passwords etc). Don't post tons of business POCOs or DTOs that
are not really relevant for exposing the unexpected behaviour.**

- a pull request to ExRam.Gremlinq that adds a failing unit test to the ExRam.Gremlinq tests asserting
the expected behaviour. Again, this should be minimal to reduce noise.

If the issue contains neither of these things, it will be labelled accordingly and become stale.
Please understand that I ask for this much effort from you in exchange for my work since
it is tedious and time-consuming to isolate the relevant bits from an issue each time just to setup
a new project that might not even fail then.

**Additional context**
Add any other context about the problem here.
